feat: :sparkles: OpenAI parser (#245)
networktocode/circuit-maintenance-parser: README.md

> Note: Because these providers do not support the BCOP standard natively, maybe there are some gaps on the implemented parser that will be refined with new test cases. We encourage you to report related **issues**!

#### LLM-powered Parsers

The library supports an optional parser option leveraging Large Language Model (LLM) to provide a best-effort parsing when the specific parsers have not been successful.

> These LLM parsers are automatically appended as a processor option after the already available for all the Providers when the integration environmental variable is set (check the below integrations).

Reviewer: Having a bit of trouble parsing this. perhaps?

```suggestion
When the appropriate environment variable(s) are set (see below), these LLM parsers are automatically appended after all existing processors for each defined Provider.
```
